Earlier, we were able to run this app onto our device can see here anywhere.
And it says, Hello, Android is really small.
I apologize, but believe me, it's there and I know you're following along.
You should see.
Hello, Android.
And we said that we were able to change the color of the surface surface.
It's going to close whatever is inside of our lander trailing lambda there.
In this case, we are calling greeting, which is, you see, here's another composable created passenger
name and just text is hello and pass the name.
So hello, Android is there.
If you have it over our surface and you'll see that there's this parameter we can pass or in this case,
argument that we can pass called modifier and modifier is very important one.
So let's see how this works.
So I'm going to say enter and then I'm going to say modifier such modifier.
Sequel Put a comma there modifier, we're going to invoke modifier, and when we do that modifier,
we can go and start invoking the methods that come with modifier.
So in this case here, let's see.
I want to go and find fill max width.
So to fill Max with what is going to do is it's going to fill the max with that is available.
I see how this works.
So I'm going to go ahead.
And Brian, this.
I actually got the film Max Height in that width, but you can see here is the same idea.
So because I said Phil Max height, he noticed that we have the entire height of the entire screen.
If this screen was larger than this, it would have done the same thing.
It would taken up the entire screen.
Obviously, we can do the same thing with the width, which is in first place.
That was the first thing I wanted to do, but it's OK, this works.
So how do we get to fill max width?
Well, because modify modifier, we can change.
All of these calls can say, enter the dot again because we still in our modifier, right?
And let's say fill max height in this case, width.
All right.
And there we go.
If I ran again.
Well, now you can see that our entire surface.
From not having anything, it was just constrained to whatever we had in this case, a text now is showing
now is taking up the entire space.
And what I can do also, I can continue Cheney, I can say dot padding for padding, I can pass all
different kinds of padding swiped to different functions with different parameters.
But I want all the say all in this case named arguments there.
I want to give it.
Let's be exaggerating here.
Maybe fifty nine dot deep.
I have to pass that deep because that is the unit that is recognized in Android.
OK.
So fifty nine nine dpi.
That is how much padding I'm going to have around this surface.
Is that true?
Let's go ahead and run again and see.
There we go.
So we give 59 dpi around the entire surface, when you sit around, it is indeed around.
So now we can see that the surface has shrunk a little bit.
Right?
All sides by 59 dpi units.
So you can see by using modify, you can modify.
You can customize the views.
The UI instantly and quickly.
This is very powerful and we're going to be using it a lot.
Obviously, I went straight to our set content in that case, the two preview or to see the changes
I have to run, right?
I could have done the same thing, obviously here as well.
In our preview or inside of these composable or inside of this composable, it doesn't matter, right?
But I just know that at the end of the day, if I want to push all of those changes so I can see in
a screen, I have to put inside of our content, it makes sense.
This is where we're setting the contents of our app very well.
So this is not a big project.
As you can see, it's just a way for me to show you small things here and there so that you can still
get the full idea of what compose is and how powerful this is.
Now, the main thing you have to understand here I would like you to really take away is that the composable
function such as this, we didn't create this one, although it's very similar to this show age, but
a composable function.
Is very powerful in so many ways.
Number one, a composable function is annotated with the compact, composable annotation.
So all composable functions must have at composable.
That is not negotiable.
So these annotation, what he does, it informs the COMPOSE compiler that this function is intended
to convert data into UI because that's all we doing here.
A compose function converts data into UI.
What that means is what this means is that this greeting or destroy age doesn't matter what this greeting
here.
What do we do?
We are passing data.
All right.
That's all we doing, and this data is actually being transformed or converted into a user interface.
Voila!
You see there.
Hello, Andrea.
That is the power of a composer or function that is the power of jetpack compose.
Ladies and gentlemen, because their function takes in data, the composable functions then accepts
those parameters.
Right, we can pass as many parameters as we want and accepts it, and then we can do something.
In this case, we're calling yet another composable that we didn't create have over composable.
It's got a lot of parameters passed.
Arguments that we can pass to also set it up in transform this into an actual user interface widget.
So this is the thought process how you should start thinking about compose if you are coming from,
for instance, Android development, the imperative way of Android development, what you have XML and
you have the Java class or Kotlin class.
And then in activity, you use the mechanism to get those XML you eyes and then do something with it
to give it logic, right?
This is different in our case here now in compose, we are converting data into UI.
The other thing you will notice about composable functions to keep in mind is that since they emit UI,
they don't have to return anything because they describe keyboards here, ladies and gentlemen.
They describe the desired screen state instead of constructing UI widgets here.
We're not going through the process of constructing this text widget.
What are we doing?
We are describing what we want to happen.
We want what we want to happen is a text to show hello and name that's been passed here.
You notice also the naming convention.
All of the composable start with uppercase letter.
Any other case, if it's not a composable, you will start in Kotlin, especially in many other languages.
You start a function name or a method name, as they may be called with lowercase.
That tells you something the difference here.
This is not a normal procedure function.
It is a composable function.
It composes UI.
It describes the desired screen state instead of constructing UI widgets.